ATR-836: Process comments from Janice (#566)
Acumatica/Acuminator: docs/diagnostics/PX1099.md

| `System.Data.SqlClient`                            | Namespace |      ISV     | Usage of this namespace is forbidden in Acumatica customization projects.             |
| `System.AppDomain`                                 |   Type    |      ISV     | Usage of the AppDomain type is forbidden in Acumatica customization projects.             |
| `System.Diagnostics.ProcessStartInfo`              |   Type    |      ISV     | Usage of the ProcessStartInfo type is forbidden in Acumatica customization projects.      |
| `System.Environment`                               |   Type    |      ISV     | Usage of the Environment type is forbidden in Acumatica customization projects.           |
| `System.IO.File`                                   |   Type    |      ISV     | Usage of the File type is forbidden in Acumatica customization projects.                  |
| `System.GC`                                        |   Type    |      ISV     | Access to garbage collector is forbidden in Acumatica customizations. |
| `System.OperatingSystem`                           |   Type    |      ISV     | Usage of the OperatingSystem type is forbidden in Acumatica customization projects.       |

> | `System.Reflection.MethodInfo`                     |   Type    |      ISV     | Usage of reflection is forbidden in Acumatica customizations.            |

Reviewer: @EAndrosova. judging from the fixes made to other table rows, shouldn't you also replace `customizations` with `customization projects` here for `MethodInfo`, `WebConfig`, and `GC`?

The records in the file with banned APIs have the same API format. Each API record is represented by a single line in the file and consists of the following three parts separated by a whitespace:

1. A mandatory API identifier.
2. A mandatory API ban type that indicates for whom API is banned. There are two available values:
	- `General` indicates that the API is banned for all developers.
	- `ISV` indicates that the API is banned for ISV developers only.
3. An optional API ban reason. This is a string that explains why the API is banned.

> The API identifier is based on the `DocID` format, which was chosen due to its convinience. For more infromation, see  https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/csharp/language-reference/xmldoc/#id-strings. 

Reviewer: Two small mistypes:
```suggestion
The API identifier is based on the `DocID` format, which was chosen due to its convenience. For more information, see  https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/csharp/language-reference/xmldoc/#id-strings. 
```
